[Song playing]
Bloody hell. Soft drink in hand...
no alcohol, no cigarettes...
It feels like I'm doing
dynamic meditation in a hermitage.
Baa!
Stay blessed. You're looking handsome.
Who throws a party with just cola?
Better than this, would have been
ice-pops from the street.
Pranav Bhai, the
Indian consumer is very gullible.
- Is it?
- Instead of ice-pops, he will choose cola.
All these foreign companies are
waiting to bring colas to India.
Really?
You always talk business...
...and drag business into everything.
Hold on. Are you planning to invest
in a Cola company?
Forget business
and investment now.
- Enjoy the party. Drink up.
- Okay.
But can I say something?
You don't know how to throw a party.
[Harshad] 'Fine, I don't.'
- You're going to London with Ketan, right?
- Yes.
There you can party how you want.
Right?
What's that beer you like?
Please don't remind me.
- Budweiser.
- Yes, that one.
Just what I thought.
I'll go to London
during the strike.
I'll make a quick trip.
But I just got to know...
...that SEBI and the brokers
are close to a settlement.
And the market is going to
open again.
Good.
Our SBI problem is solved too.
Now Pranav Bhai,
there's only one target.
To enter the market like a bull
and run a bulldozer over everyone.
Clean up everyone.
This talk
about Harshad and SBI...
-[Manu] 'Is it confirmed?'
- One hundred percent.
Mehta will be finished
this time.
He's in deep shit.
Since the past few days,
the Lexus is always at SBI.
They say that he's been
running to and fro so often...
...he might get dizzy and
collapse.
He has returned a big chunk,
but there is some left.
The market is closed and he
hasn't made any transactions outside.
So, what do you guys want to do?
Nobody knows where is he
getting the money to repay SBI.
He hasn't liquidated any of his stocks.
Once the SBI news officially
becomes public...
...we will have a chance to push
down Harshad's stocks.
People will lose trust in him.
I think this is the best opportunity.
Opportunity, my foot.
Spoken like a fool!
None of you have Harshad's brains.
Before the news breaks out...
...he'll square off his position
and make profits.
There is a strike.
How will he square off his position
if the market doesn't open?
F****rs,
at least keep yourselves updated.
Don't you know...
...the brokers and SEBI
have reached a settlement.
The market will open tomorrow.
The settlement can
be dragged on, can't it?
It's Manu Bhai's market.
You just have to give a signal.
For how many days will it
need to remain closed?
Until the news comes out.
The market should only open
once there is panic all around.
He'll be finished in the market...
...and also won't be able to return
the money he has taken to repay SBI...
[AK] 'You kill him in the share market.'
We will stab him in the money market.
I'll handle Bombay.
But what about
the other stock exchanges?
Leave Calcutta to me.
And anyway, everyone
will follow BSE.
But this SBI news
should come out soon.
We can't hold the strike
for too long.
[Title Montage]
Sir, I'm Sharad Bellary
from SBI.
Sir, take me to anyone...
I don't have much time, Sir.
There is
a huge problem at SBI, sir.
Please take him to Sucheta ma'am.
You can't even begin to imagine
how big the fraud is.
Fraud?
Five hundred crores are
missing from the books of SBI.
Do you know who is behind
this fraud?
H-Harshad Mehta.
- I'll get you a cup of tea.
- I don't want tea, ma'am.
- No, please. Just a minute.
- Ma'am, I don't want tea.
I'll be right back. Please!
[phone ringing]
- Hello.
- Hello. Yeah, Sucheta here.
Listen, we need to catch up
very urgently.
We have finally got some real evidence.
The source is
right in front of me...
...and he says Harshad might be
in some serious trouble with SBI.
- With SBI?
- Yes.
He's right here...
I mean, he is in the cabin.
[Sucheta] 'I just need you to explain
a few technicalities to me. Can we meet?'
Yeah, sure.
Okay, thank you. Thank you.
I'll see you, bye.
Where is the gentleman
who was sitting here?
I brought tea for him.
I don't know where he's gone.
Oh, no!
Taxi!
Hello. Yes. Can you connect me
to Debashis, please?
Are you sure this Sharat Bellary
works at SBI head office..?
...and he hasn't fed you
some fake news?
Sharad... "D".
Sharad Bellary.
I don't know but...
It sounds very convenient to me.
Scripted, in fact. Look...
Not from Treasury or Accounts...
But a person from a PR department
lands up in TOI building...
...and gives this story to
no one but you...
...and then disappears without a word.
Agantuk.
It means "The Stranger".
It might be Satyajit Ray's last film.
You know his condition, right?
I was writing an article on it
for a change...
...and got trapped by
SBI's Agantuk! How strange!
Agreed. This isn't a coincidence.
He's been sent to me.
But whoever has sent him...
...knows, that only I can
follow up on Harshad's story.
And this story could be planted,
Sucheta.
Because the way this 'Sharad',
disappeared...
...I don't think he had any evidence.
Do one thing, go to SBI
and cross-check?
Cross-check? And what about you?
I can't go right now.
I have to talk to my source.
I need him to explain a few things
that Bellary was telling me.
Okay.
Let's meet Karamchand first,
and then go to SBI.
Debashis, you'll have to go alone.
We are don't have time.
- Please go to SBI.
- Okay, I'll go.
Let me have tea first.
Have tea at SBI.
Their tea is really good.
And if you go now,
you might run into Harshad.
Have a couple of sips
with him too. Please.
Please...
- Please, Debashis, go.
- I'm going. I'm going!
- Can I have this?
- Please...
Hello.
Whom would you like to meet?
Sharat Bella... Sharad Bellary.
- Name?
- Ma'am, I just told you. Sharad Bellary.
- Your name, sir?
- Oh, sorry.
Debashis.
I'm his cousin... from Calcutta.
I live there. I'm taking a train back
tonight so I thought Sharad Bhai...
Ma'am... It's a bit urgent, please.
- Which department did you say?
- PR.
[Receptionist] 'One second.'
'Hello. Sharad Bellary's cousin
is here to see him.'
'Debashis.'
Okay. Sir, he's not in office.
He left a while ago.
- He hasn't come back yet?
No, he had told me
that he's going out but...
...he should have been back by now.
No problem.
I'll do one thing,
I'll wait in his cabin.
[Receptionist] 'Sir,
he doesn't have a cabin.'
- Okay!
- 'So...'
So... I'll wait at his desk...
'Sir, you can't go anywhere,
You'll have to wait here.'
- Okay.
- 'Yes.'
How did that money
go into his account?
SBI would have issued the cheques
in PNB's name, right?
Harshad is just a broker.
Because SBI must have issued the cheques
directly in Harshad's name.
Isn't that illegal? Is it not wrong?
Well!
It's an accepted market practice.
[DT] 'You see, when the system
is inefficient...'
...people from within, tweak it.
They twist and bend it a little.
'So that business can
carry on smoothly.'
'Ease of doing business.'
Such transactions work on trust.
And in business, trust is bigger
than all legalities.
The problem arises when...
...people like Harshad Mehta misuse
this parallel system and turn it into a crime.
'You know, they... They break the trust
of the system.'
'They...
They ruin the equilibrium.'
Either way,
this is wrong, right?
Banks can only transact
with other banks.
How can they issue cheques directly
in the name of a broker?
Because, sometimes, to save time, banks
transfer money into the broker's account...
...and then it's the broker's headache,
how he gets them the best deals.
So...
So, as long as the money is in
the broker's account...
...he can invest it
wherever he wants?
Correct, everyone does this.
Everyone?
Don't look at me like that.
Even I do it.
But I make sure I don't break
the trust of the system.
[DT] 'I don't disturb its balance.'
Sucheta, I think...
...you're taking the wrong direction here.
The problem here is not...
...that SBI transferred money
into Harshad's account. Okay?
In fact, there must have been many
such transactions between them in the past.
At least five to ten thousand
crores.
That's why, this time also, they deposited
500 crores in his account...
...assuming he has the securities
and he will return the money.
But I don't think
he has those securities.
[DT] 'And I don't think PNB even knows
anything about this.'
That is crazy.
Yes.
I think SBI has caught wind of it.
That's why they're asking him to return the money.
[DT] 'You had heard about fake BRs?'
This is the first time that,
the BRs don't exist at all.
Now that is a scam!
Which department?
I'm Bellary ji's cousin.
Bellary? Who Bellary?
Sharad Bellary.
Sharad Bellary?
Which department does he work in?
- PR.
- Okay.
Sir, which department are you in?
I work in loans.
To be honest...
...I'm here to meet Harshad Bhai.
I heard that he's here too?
I'm a big fan.
- Harshad Mehta?
- Yes.
Has he come in his imported Lexus?
I don't know.
Sorry, I have to leave.
Thank you.
Oh. Thank you.
Which department?
- HR.
- Okay.
I haven't seen you before.
What a coincidence.
I haven't seen you either.
Oh no, no...
I just joined last month.
Oh, okay. No wonder.
Thanks.
I'll make a few phone calls.
I'll let you know if I get
some more information.
And I'll talk to my contacts
in the market.
Plus, I need to talk to Harshad
as well.
You'll talk to him directly?
The story is on him,
I need to know his side as well.
And this is an investigative piece.
Without knowing his side of the story,
it'll seem like gossip.
I don't want to seem like
that kind of a journalist. So...
- Thanks.
- Good luck.
Change the world.
I will surely try.
[phone ringing]
- Hello.
- Hello, Mr. Mehta?
- Speaking.
- This is Sucheta Dalal.
Is this a good time to talk?
Depends. Is this call constructive
or destructive?
Mr. Mehta, I just wanted to check...
We've just been informed
that you've failed to deliver securities...
'...worth 500 crores to
the State Bank of India.'
'And now they're demanding their money back.
Would you care to comment?'
No.
Why not?
Because it's baseless, it's nonsense.
And it doesn't suit a journalist
like you to fan such rumours.
Are you sure, Mr. Mehta?
Because I have sources...
...who might be able to confirm this.
[Harshad] 'Look, you wanted
my reaction and you got it.'
Now, you want me to say
something that you can print.
SBI knows the truth, and so do I.
So you're denying it?
Sucheta ji, there's no room for
such filmy gossip in the financial world.
- Anyway, who is your source?
- Thank you, Mr. Mehta.
Harshad, if this gets published
it'll open a pandora's box.
Nothing will get published.
- There is no news.
- There seems to be.
She sounded determined.
That's why I ask you not to
eavesdrop on my calls.
If she had proof, she would have published it.
She wouldn't have called me.
They know that I'm the real
deal in this business.
If they publish anything without
proof, they'll be in trouble.
So what are you waiting for?
Show them that you're the real deal.
[phone ringing]
Rajdeep.
Harshad Mehta?
Put him through.
500 crores. Are you joking?
Listen.
It can be even more.
Yes, it's possible. I've seen him
a few times myself.
Three days back, there was a crowd
just to look at his car.
- Which car is it...
- Lexus.
Yes, Lexus.
But who told you
about this 500 crore?
Brother, everyone knows,
but they are keeping mum.
Because if it becomes public,
even the senior officials will get f****d.
-Are you serious?
-Hmmm.
Sitaraman ji, please come.
- Who's that?
- He will know everything.
We were just talking about
your department.
- Is it? What were you talking about?
- Yes.
The same. Harshad Mehta case.
- This gentleman here says, 500 crores have...
- Nonsense!
Absolute rubbish.
Don't you have anything better to do,
than gossip in the canteen?
Mr. Mehta and SBI do a lot of business.
So sometimes the accounting goes wrong,
but it's all settled now.
All of it? All 500 crores?
No, a little is pending.
Only six or seven crores.
That will be done
day after tomorrow.
You guys better stop
spreading these rumours.
If Mr. Khemani hears about this
he will suspend you both.
Sir, he was saying. What do we care?
It's not even our department.
Right.
Which department are you from?
PR.
HR?
Yes... It's only been a few days
since I joined.
PR or HR?
HR.
- Have some tea at least.
- No, I have something urgent to do.
Okay, I should leave too.
I have a lot of work to do.
- Thank you.
- Has anyone joined your department recently?
No, why?
That man over there.
Isn't he from your department?
Who?
- Okay.
-[typewriter clicking]
Two years back. Okay, got it.
Okay. No, listen.
I'll have to call you back.
So? Actually, you know what,
let's talk in the conference room.
- But why?
- Come... Just come.
- What happened?
- Just... too many people.
[Debashis] 'No.'
I think he's disappeared
after meeting you.
But Sucheta,
Bellary seems to be telling the truth.
Harshad has been regularly
visiting SBI...
...meetings are happening.
Something seems to be brewing.
- So what do we have now?
- Nothing much.
Harshad is giving the last cheque
day after tomorrow. It's a small amount.
And his dues will be cleared up.
There's no news.
If a criminal cleans up
the crime scene...
...does that mean the crime
never happened?
He has messed with the system
and misused it.
That's why he is repaying the money.
Tell me one thing, Debashis.
Where are the funds coming from?
Every single penny belongs
to the people of India.
How can he use it like
his father's money?
Used it whenever he wanted,
earned profit on it and returned it!
What if he had made a loss?
What if he couldn't have returned it?
Sucheta, once the rest of the money
is returned, we don't have a story.
As simple as that.
Do you think the people at SBI
will speak about this?
This is why I'm going to make sure
the story comes out tonight...
...before he returns
the rest of the money.
Hello!
Sucheta, are we doing a story
on Harshad Mehta?
[Sucheta] 'How did you know?'
He called, he denied everything.
Do you have his statement,
what has he denied exactly?
Do you have anything
to support your story?
I have my sources.
Will they speak on record?
No. But I've cross-checked all the facts
through multiple channels.
Sucheta, you need to understand
this is the Times of India.
Without actual paper evidence,
you can't print anything.
I can't give you the go-ahead.
I have faith in my sources
and in the past, people have published...
...many articles without
any paper evidence.
I hope you understand
that he can even sue us...
...if the news is not true.
Rajdeep,
if you won't let me publish this...
...then I'm going to have to
go to Dileep.
Sure, go for it. I'm sure he'll say
the same thing.
We don't claim publicly that
'we are the most courageous'.
But if there is a news publication
in this country that takes a tough stance...
...then we are the one.
We don't differentiate between
the powerful and the weak.
Hasn't your newspaper been
too pro-government lately?
In fact,
they were always pro-government.
Dileep, tell me something.
Are the British still paying
your salary?
The difference between others
and us is...
...that we don't keep on criticising
the government pointlessly.
We are not here to just point out
the faults in the system.
Oh. Come on... Mr. Dileep.
Leave these politically correct answers
to us politicians.
Am I right?
Sorry, Mr. Padgaonkar.
But you must have heard the saying...
..."The Times" flows the way
the wind blows. Huh?
Actually, "The Time" flows the way
"The Times" goes.
Mr. Padgaonkar, you have an
important call from Bombay.
Excuse me, gentlemen.
I have a call to take.
- Hello.
Sir, Sucheta here.
Sir, sorry to bother you
but this is very urgent.
Sucheta Dalal?
[Sucheta] 'Yes, sir, from Bombay.'
How did you know I'm here?
Sir, it's a long story. Right now,
I want to discuss something important.
[Dileep] 'Go ahead, I'm listening.'
Sir, I have a scoop.
Harshad Mehta has defrauded SBI
of 500 crores...
[Sucheta] '...and no one has
the slightest hint about it.'
I have a primary source
from the SBI, PR department.
He came into office this morning
and gave me all the details.
Sir, I really want to go ahead
with this story.
[Dileep] 'So? What's the problem?'
Sir, Rajdeep is not agreeing.
He says that because I don't have
any paper evidence...
...he cannot allow me
to go forward with the story.
You have no evidence?
[Dileep] 'Your source...'
No, sir. But I've done a complete
background check. I'm sure of this.
[Dileep] 'I understand, Sucheta.'
But try and find some evidence
of any kind.
Without any evidence,
we can't publish a story this big.
[Dileep] 'You should understand that.'
Sir, but this story will be dead
by tomorrow.
Harshad is retuning the funds...
...and by the day after, he'll have
deposited the last cheque as well.
So, there's no story then.
He took the money,
and has returned it back.
This isn't a loan that he
can return whenever he wants.
He's misusing money from the government
to rig shares in the stock exchange.
And do you think this is
his first time he's done it?
Or that he has only done it with SBI
and won't repeat it ever!?
Sir, Harshad Mehta is
very well connected.
SBI won't do anything
but we can.
I mean, when did we journalists
stop going after criminals...
...just because nobody has reported them
to the authorities.
I'll give you a solution.
Call up SBI and ask them directly
if such a transaction took place...
...between them and Mr. Mehta.
[Dileep] 'Confirmation should be
from some high official.'
'If they confirm it, we go ahead.'
Otherwise, we cannot do it.
Okay, sir. Got it.
Thank you...
He didn't agree, right?
He wants confirmation from
SBI's senior management.
Why don't you talk to the
SBI chairman directly?
Sucheta, you only have one hour before
today's edition goes into printing...
...otherwise, your story will be dead.
Alright? Take a chance.
Best of luck.
[Music playing]
Sir, there's a call for you.
Hello.
Hello. Good evening, sir.
This is Sucheta Dalal from
Times of India.
Yes, Ms. Dalal,
what can I do for you?
Sir, let me be direct. Is it true
that Harshad Mehta defrauded SBI...
- ...of 500 crores?
- What?
No, I do not think this is true at all.
Where do you get your
information from?
Sir, I have a source.
Your source must be misinformed,
Ms. Dalal.
You see,
we have very heavy transactions...
...and sometimes reconciliation
is difficult. Sometimes delayed.
I do not think you should blow this
out of proportion at all.
I wish you a very good evening.
Yeah, so we have the story
but they won't print it.
Who is they?
Rajdeep, our Bombay editor
won't publish it.
And Dileep, our head editor
wants a confirmation from SBI.
I mean, he's not insisting
on paper evidence but...
So did you speak to anybody?
Yes. I spoke to Goiporia directly.
But he denied it.
I mean, he's not going to
admit anything, right?
If Harshad has committed a fraud,
SBI is no saint either.
[Sucheta] 'They are also vulnerable.'
Yeah. And possibly guilty also.
But what now?
I don't know. Why are you asking me?
Do something.
I really don't have time.
-[Sucheta] 'Hello? Hello?'
- Yes.
- Hello...
-[Sucheta] 'I thought you also... Anyway...'
I might know someone from SBI's
senior management.
[DT] 'Let me see if he can help us.'
Please, talk to him right away.
Okay. If he agrees
then I'll ask him to call you.
That's great... Thanks.
Mayank, wait.
Where are you going?
I'm going to have dinner.
Give me your pack.
-I have this. Will it do?
-Hmm.
- You're coming for dinner?
- No.
- Okay, fine.
- You go...
...and you'll buy your own pack?
- Okay.
- Okay, thanks.
- Oh! Sorry, sir.
- No, please go on.
I know, behind this cloud of smoke,
there must be a smoking hot story.
Don't stop. I don't want to disturb
your chain of thought.
I was just going to stretch my legs.
No, sir. I'm fine, thank you.
It's quite common these days,
Everyone's smoking.
By the way,
why doesn't your Common Man smoke?
- Oh! He has asthma.
- Oh, yes.
I've always wanted to
ask you a question, sir.
Why is your "Common Man"
always a man?
Why not a "Common Woman"?
You see, a woman cannot be common.
Women are always special.
- Sure.
- Right?
- I think I should...
- Yes. Please.
[phone ringing]
Hello.
Hello, Sucheta.
I'm leaving now.
- Should I drop you home?
- No, I'm fine.
Well, what's the scene
with Mr. Bellary's story?
I just need a little more time.
[Debashis] 'How much more time?'
Tomorrow's edition will go to print
any moment now.
I doubt if they will print the story.
Debashis, I don't have the energy
to argue.
I'm waiting for an important
phone call. Bye.
Oh no. Everything is a mess.
[phone ringing]
- Debashis, how many time do I've to tell...
-[Man 1] 'Ms. Dalal?'
Hello. I'm sorry. Who is this?
[Man1] 'I work for SBI. I was told
you wanted to speak to me.'
Yes! Yes, sir.
I'm writing a story...
- ...and I just wanted...
-[Man1] 'I am aware of the details.'
Okay, good.
Sir, I just needed a confirmation
from you...
...if I publish this story,
and it turns out to be a false alarm...
...then I'll be in very serious trouble.
I could even lose my job.
[Man1] 'Even I'll lose my job
if my name pops up in any way.'
Sir, I don't need any names,
I don't even want the details.
I know you can't say much.
I just need to know
if I can go ahead, sir.
Go ahead.
Thank you. Thank you.
Yes.
[typewriter clicking]
Sucheta, I read your piece.
You've used this word "scam"
so many times.
I mean, we use words like
financial frauds or scandal, etcetera...
...for the same thing.
You know it, right?
It's time to introduce this strong word
in the Indian financial world.
To let the readers know about it. I mean,
the western media has already adopted it.
There are so many scams
happening left, right and center.
Mark my words, in the next
three to four years...
...this word will be
common parlance.
Did you speak to Dileep?
Well, I've asked Mayank to try.
I'll talk to him as soon as we
get through.
- Sucheta...
- I know...
Are you fine?
- Yes.
- Alright. See if you can work it out.
Mayank.
Sir, call for you again.
Sir, it's urgent.
I've got the cordless for you.
- Hello.
- Sir, I've got a confirmation.
-[Dileep] 'Officially?'
- Not officially...
...but it is from the senior management,
just as you asked.
[Dileep] 'That's not enough,
Sucheta.'
Sir, do you remember,
three months ago...
...we had a similar discussion
when I broke the Rajan Pillai story?
You believed in me then,
and it turned out to be true.
And you even published the story
on the seventh page.
-[Dileep] 'Okay, so?'
- So, sir, trust my gut on this.
This needs to come out.
[Dileep] 'Okay, I'll talk to Rajdeep.
But remember...'
'...if we get into trouble because of this,
your time at TOI is over.'
'Still want to go ahead with this?'
Yes!
- 'Sure?'
- Five hundred percent.
[Dileep] 'Okay.'
Sucheta is just being stubborn.
How can you publish something
against a celebrity...
...without enough corroboration?
She thinks it's a scoop.
Scoop?
Tell her, if she needs a scoop,
go buy ice-cream.
Why don't you tell her that? Huh?
[phone ringing]
Hello? Yeah?
Dileep's on the line.
Sucheta.
Front page.
Congratulations.
Who changed the headline?
Harshad Mehta is not even mentioned
in this article.
He has been referred to as "Big Bull"
everywhere.
I changed it, Sucheta.
Why?
This was the safest option.
This way, we all are safe.
But you could have taken me into confidence,
you could have asked me once.
I discussed it with Rajdeep
and Dileep.
And that was the best option.
Sucheta! Sucheta...
What happened?
[phone ringing]
[phone ringing continues]
[Song playing]